Worst Enemy
by lb_n0o

Preface

Worst Enemy

Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at https://archiveofourown.org/works/93605026.

Rating:

General Audiences

Archive Warning:

No Archive Warnings Apply

Category:

F/M

Fandom:

Harry Potter - J. K. Rowling

Relationship:

Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter

Characters:

Harry Potter, Draco Malfoy, Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger, Lucius Malfoy, Fred Weasley, George Weasley, Ginny Weasley

Additional Tags:

Female Draco Malfoy, Female Draco Malfoy/Male Harry Potter, Malfoid, Enemies to Lovers, Slow Burn, Hogwarts First Year, Book 1: Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, Hogwarts Second Year, Book 2: Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets

Language:

English

Stats:

Published: 2026-10-01
Updated: 2026-10-02
Words: 5,543
Chapters: 2/?

Worst Enemy

by lb_n0o

Summary

"Still a bit flustered, she turns back to Harry, and the grin returns, though she can’t quite seem to get it as confident as before.

"Hmph. You'll soon find out that some wizarding families are better than others, Potter. You don't want to go making friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there!"

Her little white hand hangs in the air between them, strong and cocksure, as if it is the most obvious thing in the wide world that Harry will accept it in his own; how could he not?"

Notes

So... I may have gotten oneshot by Malfoid on twitter along with half the internet. Plan right now is to do all 7 years, mostly following canon, but we'll see if/when we get there ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Also: Apologies if it throws anyone off, but Draco is staying Draco! I'm sorry, but I can't really take any of the commonly-used "fem" names for her seriously, and honestly in my mind, if names like Chris or Dylan or Max can be gender-neutral then so can Draco!

Chapter 1

—

For some reason, standing there in the middle of Madam Malkin’s little shop, Harry finds himself the most anxious he’s been all day. It makes sense on some level, he supposes; it’s the first time since entering the magical world that he’s been separated from Hagrid’s comforting, overlarge presence for more than a mere moment. Upon further consideration, the lingering memories of their cart ride at Gringotts are probably responsible for a not-insignificant part of the queasy, twisty feeling in his stomach as well.

There’s also the very pretty girl being fitted for Hogwarts robes of her own not an arms-length beside him, of course. Pale and porcelain-faced, with narrow, elegant features and a curtain of sleek platinum-blonde hair that falls down almost to her waist, pulled back away from her forehead by an emerald-green hairband. Standing there, straight-backed and arms raised, Harry thinks she looks for all the world like a princess surveying her loyal subjects, as her half-lidded eyes scan the tiny shop out of boredom.

Her gaze lands on Harry, and those piercing grey eyes widen just a touch; he discreetly swallows, hoping she doesn’t notice.

“Hello. Hogwarts too?”

And so begins the first conversation of his life with a fellow wizard his age.

Admittedly, the girl does the lion’s share of the actual conversing, smooth and effortlessly self-assured. Harry's fumbling attempts at sounding normal, meanwhile, yield a word or two in response at best. It might not be entirely his fault, though; as their little chat stretches on, he’s increasingly getting the impression that this girl is… more than just a touch vain, quite frankly. Briefly, Harry wonders if perhaps all wizarding children are like this; he can’t imagine why they wouldn’t be, to be honest.

He does notice, however, that between seemingly casual asides about her family’s wealth and influence, or her prowess in something called “kwidd-itch”, or her less-than-charitable thoughts about the “other sort” of wizard, her eyes keep darting back to his face, just for a moment or two, quick as a flash each time.

“Well, I’ll see you at Hogwarts, I suppose.”

The words come out nonchalant and altogether quite blasé, but as Harry’s pushing his way through Madam Malkin’s front door, he turns back just in time to catch her in the midst of giving him one last glance, weighty and considering. As soon as she notices, though, she blinks and turns away.

—

All at once, the surrounding chatter in the entrance hall dies down, and it takes a second for Harry to place exactly why. There’s the haughty, pale-faced girl from Madam Malkin’s again, making her way towards him, flanked on either side by a large, heavy-ish boy with matching scowls. Harry wonders—briefly—if they are perhaps less than pleased with their positions (for it’s plainly obvious, even upon a first glance, that the shorter girl is nevertheless the leader of their little crew).

Her eyes are positively glittering.

“So!” She declares, striding up to him with that already-familiar self-assuredness and fixing him squarely within her sights. “It’s true, what they were all saying on the train, then. It’s you! You’re Harry Potter!” She introduces the other two boys alongside her with barely half a breath, brushing their existence aside like lint on the hem of her impeccably well-maintained robes, before placing a hand on her chest, tilting her chin up and grinning imperiously. “And I’m Malfoy. Draco Malfoy!”

Beside him, Ron cracks a tiny laugh.

A faint pink tinges Draco’s pale cheeks. She rounds on the redheaded boy, her grey eyes flashing viciously. “Think my name's funny, do you? I've no need to ask yours. Red hair, and a hand-me-down robe? You must be a Weasley.” She hisses Ron’s name like a coiled snake, baring traces of her perfect white teeth.

Slightly more flustered than before, she turns back to Harry, and the grin returns, though she can’t quite seem to get it as confident as before.

“Hmph. You'll soon find out that some wizarding families are better than others, Potter. You don't want to go making friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there!”

Her little white hand hangs in the air between them, strong and cocksure, as if it is the most obvious thing in the wide world that Harry will accept it in his own; how could he not?

Long seconds pass. Malfoy glances down at her hand, then back up to him, as if there was perhaps something wrong with it, or wrong with him; there’s a definite note of hurt confusion creeping into her expression now. Harry swallows, glancing at Ron’s red, embarrassed face—Ron, his first new friend at Hogwarts, his first ever friend his age, really—and opens his mouth.

“I think I can tell the wrong sort for myself, thanks.” His eyes are stern, and there’s a newfound steel in his voice, surprising even him.

Malfoy blinks. Then blinks again, harder. She finally takes a look around at their surroundings for what seems like the first time—takes in the other students all around them, staring, beginning to whisper among themselves, now—and her hand jerkily retreats back down by her side, clenching into a trembling fist.

Slowly, inch by inch, her pretty face turns beet-red, from her cheeks up to the tips of her pale little ears.

For a fleeting moment, watching her dismay, Harry’s struck by the distinct impression of someone lost, blindsided, caught utterly off guard for perhaps the first time in their life, and feels the slightest pang of guilt for what he’s just done—for putting Draco in such an uncomfortable spot, for causing such a public affair… (even though she’d been the one to come up to him first!)

But those grey eyes are back on Harry now, and they are furious.

“Oh?” She bites out, eyes gleaming with spite and—wait, were those tears?

“Well, I’d be careful if I were you, Potter.”

Harry’s never heard his name spat with such vitriol before, and he’s spent the last eleven years living with the Dursleys of all people, which should really count for something.

“Unless you—” It seems like Draco really wants to continue letting Harry know exactly why he should be careful, but Professor McGonagall picks that moment to rejoin them in the entrance hall, and a simple “Hem,” from her throat silences them all in one fell swoop. As Harry’s turning back around to enter the Great Hall, the last he sees of Draco Malfoy is her bright, malevolent glare, trained squarely on him.

He must’ve been seeing things before; her eyes are completely dry now.

—

Ugh. Harry can’t believe he’d ever made the mistake of feeling sorry for Draco bloody Malfoy for a single bloody second. The preening during Potions was annoying enough—with all the sucking up to Snape, and the constant smug glances in his direction throughout, she was becoming worse than Hermione Granger—but now this, too?

“Come and get it, Potter!” She crows, her pale face flushed and exultant, waving Neville’s Remembrall tauntingly before her in one hand and gripping her broom tightly with the other. She’s hovering nearly fifty feet above their collective Gryffindor-and-Slytherin heads by now, completely unconcerned with the fact that her modesty’s exposed below to anyone who cares to look; the entirety of her focus seems to be trained solely on Harry.

She lets out a little squeal of vicious glee as he kicks off the ground after her.

“Come on, Potter! Try to keep up! We wouldn’t want you breaking your neck, would we?!”

Her laughter is ringing in Harry’s ears, clearer than the swell of babbling, concerned voices coming from the ground now far below, cutting through even the sounds of the rushing winds. She’s not a bad flier, that’s for sure; she swerves this way and that, zipping higher and higher, moving through the air with easy overconfidence and always staying just out of his reach. The broom beneath him responds like it’s practically a part of him, though, almost like magic, and within a few seconds he’s pulled close enough to see the look of surprise on her face.

“Give it here, Malfoy! Or I’ll—”

Oops.

Right as Harry puts on an extra burst of speed, Malfoy makes another sudden turn with her broom in midair, as if to evade him yet again, and he—completely inadvertently—makes good on his as-of-yet unspoken threat. He collides with her in profile, and the Slytherin girl’s knocked clean off her broom with a soft, breathless little ufff.

There’s an expression of blank shock on her face, visible for just a moment as she hangs there in midair, before she plummets earthwards, out of view.

Harry dives. It’s as if time’s slowed down to a crawl; he doesn’t feel the wind, doesn’t hear the screams from below, doesn’t notice the ground suddenly rushing up towards him like a solid wall, approaching faster than gravity.

All he can see is Draco, suspended in the air before him, aided by neither broom nor enchantment any longer. One small hand remains desperately outstretched, reaching for help. For anyone. For him. She’s lost her hairband, and her platinum-blonde hair is whipping violently about her like a billowing, undulating parachute. If only it could save her like one.

But only Harry can save her now. Careening wildly towards the earth, all other thoughts blown clean out of his mind, he throws his upper body fully off his broomstick and leans forward, far beyond anything he would ever dare with his wits about him, desperate to reach her in time.

He just barely manages to wrap his arms around her and yank his broomstick up by the crook of his knees before they hit the ground. They tumble gently through the soft, damp grass of the Quidditch Pitch, end over end, tangled together in an inextricable mess of limbs and long silver hair; throughout, his arms remain wrapped immovably around Draco. Cradling her, pulling her close, pressing her head into his shoulder. He thinks—deliriously—how maddening it would be for her to break her neck now, after everything he’s gone through to save her life.

Only when his back has been pressed against solid earth for long seconds, and the rattling in his skull’s all but subsided, does Harry begin to realize that they’ve finally come to a stop. Suddenly self-conscious of just how tightly he’s embracing the most irritating girl in Hogwarts, he flings his hands up with a cough and a jumble of stammered, half-formed words—Accusations? Apologies? He’s really not sure, to be honest.

The huddled figure curled up on top of him remains silent; with a start, Harry realizes two things.

One: despite the fact that they are decidedly on solid ground by now, Draco Malfoy is still clinging onto him as if for dear life, clutching at his robes even tighter than he’d been holding onto her previously.

Two: Draco Malfoy is sniffling.

“M—Malfoy?” Harry breathes, hesitantly, scarcely believing his ears. “Er, are… are you—”

Like lightning, Malfoy’s head snaps up to glare at Harry, and the hot, angry tears in her eyes are plainly visible this time.

“You—you—Potter—you—”

As the pitch of her voice climbs higher and higher, words seem to fail her utterly; she throws herself back into Harry’s chest, her slight frame shuddering with tiny, heaving sobs that seem to knock his brain loose from its moorings like a series of incoming waves.

He simply lays there, adrift, for what feels like an eternity, his most bitter and despised rival at Hogwarts continuing to cry quietly into his sweater.

—

They don’t speak of it again. The students whisper among themselves, Professor McGonagall arrives to awkwardly pull them apart, and Draco hides her face, puffy-eyed and streaked through with tears, in the sleeve of her robe.

She’s bitter when he gets his Nimbus, oh, she is. The mocking taunts between classes only seem to redouble in their intensity.

But during that first Quidditch match between Gryffindor and Slytherin, as the scarlet Seeker’s broom bucks and bends beneath his grip, there’s a girl in the stands wearing silver and green who has to stuff her hands into her pockets so her friends don’t notice her clenched fists, notice her nails digging crescent grooves into the meat of her palms. Has to turn away as the jinxed broom drags him ever higher, unable to bear a single second more of him struggling to stay on. Oh, she’ll tell herself later that it was all merely nasty memories from that day in Flying lessons, coming back to torment her. And in truth, it is, but at that moment, thoughts of her own peril could be no further from her mind.

And even later—months and months later—facing the dark, yawning maw of the Forbidden Forest with nothing save a flickering lantern and a whining, oversized boarhound by their side?

A small white hand, nails carefully painted in Slytherin green, slips into Harry’s own without a word, and in the darkness it doesn’t feel anywhere near as wrong as he thought it would have. Her intertwined fingers only lock tighter around his as they walk between the trees in silence; her first few half-hearted attempts at bravado earlier have long since faded into the night.

They don’t talk about that either.

And as the school year draws to a close, when Harry wakes in the Hospital Wing after a rather more involved final exam of his own, there’s an elegant little box of outrageously expensive-looking French macarons among his little collection of get-well-soon presents, tied with a green ribbon, that no one seems to want to take credit for. Unsigned and remarkably conspicuous among the heaps of pre-packaged Honeydukes sweets, it’s almost as if the gift is challenging that thick-headed Potter to figure it out for himself; so would this mysterious sender opine, perhaps.

Of course, if asked, Draco Malfoy would say that Potter could drop dead for all she cared, and the only reason she could possibly think of for wanting him around would be so she could flatten him herself, Seeker to Seeker, on the Quidditch pitch next year; that she will make the team upon Higgs' departure is, naturally, a given.

Of course, no one does. Harry opens the box that afternoon, undoing the ribbon and sweeping everything aside into the wastebasket without a second thought.

The macarons end up being the tastiest ones of the whole bunch, he thinks.

—

Chapter 2

Chapter Summary

"But Malfoy keeps going, lost in her own world, oblivious to her father’s words. Her hands are tugging at a loose ribbon of her painstakingly well-maintained hair, and her face is becoming flushed with exertion as she paces.

"Him! Potter! With a Nimbus Two Thousand! A First-Year hasn’t been allowed on a house team in a century, and he gets the spot for practically trying to kill me, just like that! Why, he—he’s not even that good, that McGonagall woman only signed off on it because it’s him! Everyone thinks he’s so talented, wonderful Potter, with his scar, and his broomstick, and that stupid messy hair of his—" (Inside his cabinet, Harry reaches up to touch his hair self-consciously before he realizes what he’s doing.)

"Yes, yes, and the eyes, and the ‘thick-headed grin’… You have told me all of this at least a dozen times already, my daughter.” Mr. Malfoy takes one gloved hand off of his silver snake-head cane, massaging the bridge of his nose wearily."

Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes

—

Oh, Merlin. As if mucking up the Floo travel wasn’t enough…

Harry dives for the tall ink-colored cabinet beside him just as Draco Malfoy strolls through the front door, currently being held open for her by a tall, severe-looking man who can only be her father; his own mane of sleek silver hair is almost as long as hers.

Malfoy keeps mostly to herself at first, wandering wide-eyed amongst the shop’s many gruesome wares as her father deals with the slimy-looking fellow who appears behind the counter. There’s only one small incident that occurs midway through; her gaze catches upon a thin, glittering necklace not two paces’ distance from Harry’s cabinet, and the greasy-haired salesman seemingly materializes right beside her, his voice oily and simpering, sensing an opportunity for a sale.

“Ah, the young mistress has fine taste indeed! An excellent find, simply excellent—it’s supposedly Charmed to make the wearer utterly irresistible to any man in her presence, you know? Of course, that does mean you’ve got to keep it on the whole time you’re—”

All at once, the white-haired man is looming behind them, dark and menacing. “My daughter is twelve years of age, Borgin. What use, exactly, are you insinuating she would have for such an odious little trinket? Going forward, I would suggest you choose who you try to sell your little wares to more carefully.”

Mr. Borgin freezes. His eyes bulging and his indulgent demeanor forgotten, he begins to splutter apologies to both Draco and Mr. Malfoy almost immediately, but she merely turns away, no longer seeming interested.

“Shame. Though it could’ve been fun watching Potter drool all over himself, the gaping idiot...”

In the closet, Harry grits his teeth at the sight of her tiny smirk.

Malfoy…

But the rest of Mr. Malfoy’s business with the shopkeep passes seemingly without issue, and eventually, with a final “Just one more moment, sir,” Mr. Borgin vanishes into the back room once more.

The complaining starts almost immediately.

“Hurry up, Papa! It feels like we’ve been in here for ages… The new broomstick shipment at Quality Quidditch arrived an hour ago, and you promised you would buy me one today!”

“…Yes, I did, didn’t I?” Mr. Malfoy mutters, his voice sounding oddly strained. “Gem, perhaps we should discuss—”

“No. For the last time, Papa, I don’t care if you’re worried! I’m making the team this year, and that’s final—I need to wipe that smug look off of Potter’s face myself.”

“The last time you and the Potter boy were on brooms together—”

But Malfoy keeps going, lost in her own world, oblivious to her father’s words. Her hands are tugging at a loose ribbon of her painstakingly well-maintained hair, and her face is becoming flushed with exertion as she paces.

“Him! Potter! With a Nimbus Two Thousand! A First-Year hasn’t been allowed on a house team in a century, and he gets the spot for nearly killing me, just like that! Why, he—he’s not even that good, that McGonagall woman only signed off on it because it’s him! Everyone thinks he’s so talented, wonderful Potter, with his scar, and his broomstick, and that stupid messy hair of his—” (Inside his cabinet, Harry reaches up to touch his hair self-consciously before he realizes what he’s doing.)

“Yes, yes, and the eyes, and the ‘thick-headed grin’… You have told me all of this at least a dozen times already, my daughter.” Mr. Malfoy takes one gloved hand off of his silver snake-head cane, massaging the bridge of his nose wearily.

“Very well… we shall go to the Quidditch shop as soon as my business here is concluded. But once again, Draco, my gem, I must implore you to please restrain yourself from launching into impassioned diatribes about the Potter boy with a touch more effort, henceforth—not in public, at the very least, for appearances’ sake…”

Mr. Malfoy almost sounds pleading.

—

“Hmph. Bet you just loved that, didn’t you, Potter? Famous Harry Potter, can’t even go into a bookshop without making the front page!”

Harry looks up from Ginny’s cauldron with a scowl to meet the familiar taunting grin he’s expecting at the end of that voice; it seems like Malfoy’s elected to continue ignoring her father’s advice. Before he can fire back with a reply of his own, though, the tiny redheaded girl beside him pipes up; it’s the first time he’s heard her voice all summer, he realizes.

“Leave him alone, he didn’t want all that!”

Tilting her head slightly, Malfoy’s cool grey eyes slide over to Ginny, and for some reason, Harry feels a chill of foreboding; while he’s quite pleased with Ginny finding the courage to stand up to a bully, there’s a feeling in his chest, growing stronger and stronger as the seconds tick past, that this really won’t end well.

Reaching the end of her regrettably limited nerve, Ginny breaks her glare.

“Oh?”

Harry shudders, inadvertently; Malfoy’s lilt is bone-chillingly cold, unnervingly so in comparison to her usual haughty, gleeful air. She’s no longer smiling.

“Seems you’ve got yourself a girlfriend, Potter. Was the Granger girl too insufferable for you after all? Really, though, another Weasley? Tsk, tsk… I’m sorely disappointed in you, Potter. No standards for blood quality at all.”

It feels like there’s extra vitriol in the way she spits his name, this time.

At first, Harry thinks it’s a one-off thing; back at Hogwarts, she wastes no time settling back into their familiar routine of mocking jeers and hurled taunts in passing, aided if anything by the twin unintentional efforts of Colin Creevey and Professor Lockhart to publicly humiliate him. The next time he notices that icy derision, though, comes sooner rather than later. It’s the day of Harry’s first Quidditch practice, which he’s sorely looking forward to after a summer of no flying at all, when he spots the familiar green robes of the Slytherin Quidditch team invading the field.

His heart sinks. Why does he already have a sneaking suspicion as to what this is going to be about?

Sure enough, the green robes part to reveal a single much younger, much shorter figure in their midst; one Miss Draco Malfoy, clad in brand-new Seeker’s robes, her eyes gleaming with prejudice and pride. It seems as if Lucius Malfoy has upheld his promise to his little girl and then some, Harry thinks, looking at the full matching set of Nimbus Two Thousand and Ones clutched in their hands.

“Oh, you had your little fun last year, feeling all special out there all by yourself, but now it’s time to see who the better flier really is, Potter! No one to save you, no more distractions, just me and you at last!” Malfoy only seems to grow bolder and bolder as she drinks in the irritated look in Harry’s eyes; she’s positively ascendant, utterly and completely in her element, when Hermione jumps in with a cutting remark of her own.

“At least no one on the Gryffindor team had to buy their way in. They got in on pure talent.”

The Slytherin girl freezes, her face flushing and her gaze flickering back and forth between Harry and Hermione, who’s come up beside him in solidarity, their shoulders nearly touching. Her eyes dart down to the gleaming broomstick in her hands, then back up to Harry’s face. For a moment, Harry thinks he’s imagining things; is—was that actual hurt in her eyes?

But then, seething and ice-cold with rage, Malfoy opens her mouth again.

“No one asked your opinion, you filthy little Mudblood.”

Things escalate somewhat, from there.

But when the yelling and the excitement are all over, and Harry’s dragging Ron off to Hagrid’s with slug mucus trailing down the front of his robes, he glances back at the Quidditch pitch one last time and notices Draco Malfoy, still standing there.

She’s a little ways off from the rest of her new “team”, all still cackling to one another about Ron’s predicament, but curiously enough, it doesn’t look like she’s joining in. Instead, she’s staring over in their direction as they leave, frowning, wearing an odd little expression that Harry can’t quite put his finger on at this distance. Her beautiful, long-desired Nimbus Two Thousand and One hangs loose—forgotten—from one carefully manicured hand.

—

By the time of their first Quidditch match, though, it looks like Malfoy’s regained her spunk.

“Training for the ballet, Potter?” She calls out cheerfully as she zips past him yet again, either not realizing or not caring that one of the match’s Bludgers has seemingly replaced her for the day as his most fervent antagonist at Hogwarts. After righting himself on his broom once again, Harry glares down at her, gritting his teeth, and it’s then that he spots it.

The Golden Snitch is hovering scant inches above Malfoy’s ear, and, almost painfully on-brand for her, she’s been too laser-focused on mocking Harry to notice.

For an agonizing moment, Harry hangs there in the air, staring at her, furiously trying to decide what to do. Malfoy’s nose wrinkles.

“W-what, Potter? Do I have something on my—HARRY!”

The solid iron Bludger finds its mark at last, smashing into his arm like a hurtling comet, and he can not just feel, but hear, the sound of the bones in his forearm crunching beneath it. The pain lancing throughout his body is so sudden and sharp that he nearly vomits; his head spinning, Harry topples sideways off his broom—

Malfoy is there for some reason, shouting, filling his rapidly-narrowing vision—

With the last of his strength, Harry reaches out with his other hand—

And, completely ignoring the hand she has already begun to stretch out herself, closes it firmly around the Snitch, still hovering beside her.

As he plummets to the ground, the last thing he sees is Malfoy’s mortally offended expression hanging above him.

—

She saved him, supposedly. Grabbed his arm before he hit the ground, and slowed his fall enough to leave him with just a shattered arm, and not a broken neck—at least, before Lockhart managed to get his hands on him. It’s one of the first things Harry hears when he wakes up in the Hospital Wing later, muttered offhandedly by Ron as he helps himself to a bottle of pumpkin juice.

“Dunno why—well, I suppose even Malfoy probably doesn’t fancy being expelled for murder-by-Bludger, being that she’s definitely the one who fixed it and all…”

“Blimey, what a dive, though!” Fred marvels, throwing a sodden, mud-covered arm around his younger brother to a great deal of protest. “The little squirt might not be a half-bad flier after all! Still no match for you, of course, Harry—bloody fantastic catch, by the way—but… suppose we ought to take the Slytherin matches more seriously going forward, George?”

“Oh, I wouldn’t be so sure, Fred,” George snickers. “Did you see the way Flint was laying into Malfoy when we were leaving the pitch? Something about going for Harry, and not the Snitch that was practically on top of her head? He was bellowing louder than the bloody thunderstorm—I almost felt bad for the little pipsqueak!”

The rest of Harry’s Quidditch team guffaws, Ron and Hermione happily joining in, but for some reason, the vision in his mind’s eye just makes him feel a bit sick to his stomach. He blames it on the Skele-Gro.

—

It’s later that evening, and Harry’s mind is churning practically a mile a minute as he lays there in bed, knowing that falling asleep will be near impossible after everything he’s just heard. Dobby, the Chamber of Secrets, Colin—

Harry glances across the room at the bed on the far side of the Hospital Wing, its curtains drawn, and his stomach lurches viciously; this time, he knows it’s not the Skele-Gro that’s responsible.

He shakes his head, feeling bitter and guilty. Shouldn’t—shouldn’t someone be standing guard, or something? If the Heir of Slytherin really did attack Colin, couldn’t they simply come back around and—

The door to the Hospital Wing creaks, and Harry’s blood freezes in his veins.

It’s Draco Malfoy, moving stealthily and without noise, a somber expression on her face. The student that, as of this morning, was his, Ron’s, and Hermione’s number one suspect.

But, contrary to Harry’s expectations, she doesn’t go over to Colin’s bed, doesn’t pull back the curtains to finish him off for good. It’s as if she doesn’t even notice he’s there—instead, she makes a beeline straight for Harry.

“P-Potter?!” She hisses with a start, as she draws close enough to see his open eyes—for a split second, Harry catches a glimpse of her shoving something hard and small into the pockets of her robes. “W-what are you doing awake?”

“M-me?! What are you doing in the Hospital Wing so late, Malfoy?”

Malfoy blinks, seeming all at once awkward and unsure, as if she’s been caught like a deer in headlights. After a few seconds spent grasping for something, her eyes seem to refocus, and she grits her teeth.

“I-I… I simply came to make sure, Scarhead, that you weren’t planning on being as infuriatingly brainless as you usually are, and thinking of doing something stupid like r-reporting me to Dumbledore for messing with that Bludger! Because I didn’t do it, you know! No matter what delusions you paranoid Gryffindors have cooked up—”

“I know, Malfoy.”

That shuts her up in her tracks. Harry looks at her coolly, his expression unchanging. She’s telling the truth, at least in this instance; Dobby had been more than happy to take credit.

“I know you didn’t do it.”

“…Ah. I-is that right, then? Well, I see…”

Her voice is stilted and abnormally high-pitched in Harry’s ears. Still seemingly looking everywhere except Harry’s face, her gaze lands on his mangled, boneless arm, still protruding from his bedclothes like a rubber glove, and the faintest of smirks crosses her face; all at once, she resembles her typical self again.

“Ugh. That arm of yours is disgusting, Potter. Really, have you seen it? I mean, I’d go mad if I had something so floppy and useless hanging off of me.”

Malfoy plops down next to Harry, picking up his deflated hand and poking at it like a toy. She winces at the feeling of it. As she speaks, quiet laughter bubbling beneath the swells of her voice, she continues to play with it absentmindedly—tugging, moving her hands over it, even lacing the thin fingers of one hand between his own numb and floppy ones.

“Of course I’ve seen it, Malfoy. And it’s not like it was my choice to have it wind up like this! It was all—”

“—Lockhart’s fault, yeah.” Her upper lip curls. “Well, he’s a pompous, swollen-headed simpleton, Potter, everyone knows that; I really don’t know what you expect. D’you know, we in Slytherin have a bet going on as to how long it’ll take for Snape to break and finally poison him at dinner?” Malfoy sneers. It sounds strangely different, Harry realizes, when it’s directed at a subject of his dislike as well.

“Really, though, if you’re stuck with it for life, it could even be an improvement—I’m sure that handwriting of yours couldn’t possibly get any worse.”

“Hmph. Madam Pomfrey already gave me Skele-Gro; it’ll be back to normal by next morning.”

“Ah.” The fingers laced between his twitch. “I… well, I’m sure your professors will be sorely disappointed at the news.”

Harry’s not sure if the Skele-Gro has moved on from stomach pains onto delirium. This entire nighttime scene’s felt utterly baffling, not quite real, ever since Malfoy first walked through the Hospital Wing doors. Is he dreaming right now? He dismisses the thought with a shake of his head; there’s no way he would ever be dreaming of Draco Malfoy of all people, for one.

Her eyes settle on the leftover cakes and unopened bottles of pumpkin juice from earlier—Madam Pomfrey has long since cleared away the rest of the rubbish from his bedside.

“More get-well-soon gifts from your adoring fans, Potter? Really, all your little friends are as thick as you are; what exactly do they think sweets are supposed to accomplish, to help someone grow their bones back?” She barks out a harsh laugh, and her other hand tightens around the shape in her robes.

Harry’s mind moves involuntarily to little Colin Creevey, with his perpetually eager smile and his bunch of grapes, attacked on his way up to the Hospital Wing to visit Harry and now lying as if dead in a corner of this very room. Attacked mere minutes before Malfoy herself arrived, come to think of it.

He feels a flicker of hot anger in his chest.

“No, actually, they’re from a little party we had earlier—my Quidditch team and I were celebrating our victory. Too thick to notice the Snitch behind your ear, Malfoy?”

The remnants of laughter on the Slytherin girl’s face drain away so quickly it’s almost comical.

“I could ask you the same question, Potter.” She says softly, evenly—too evenly. “Too thick to even grab my hand, when you’re two hundred feet up in the air without a broom? So stupid you’d throw away your precious bloody life for a hundred and fifty points in a school Quidditch game?”

“Or,” Malfoy’s voice has gone razor-sharp and taut, “was famous, special Harry Potter just certain that everyone else would drop everything and trip over themselves to come to his aid, like the rest of his sorry life—”

“Shut up, Malfoy.”

“That must be why you’re so fond of Weasley and the Mudblood,” she hisses, jerking her hand away from Harry’s as if it’s burned her. Her next words come out high and mockingly shrill; he’s reminded almost of Dobby.

“Let me look over your essay, Harry! Let me fight your battles for you, Harry! Oh, your arm is hurt? Please, sir, let me wipe your arse for you too, Harry—”

“Shut up, Malfoy.” Harry repeats, trembling with anger.

“Well, I’ve learned my lesson, Potter.” She stands up, all at once, and heads robotically for the door.

“I didn’t need anyone else to get the Snitch from under your nose today, Malfoy. The next time we play—”

Malfoy turns back to face him, one last time.

“I’m off the team, actually. For what I did.” Her voice is barely above a whisper now.

“Now, we’re even—you can dash your brains out on the ground next time, for all I care. Enjoy your Quidditch, Potter.”

The Hospital Wing doors slam shut behind her.

—

Chapter End Notes

So... I fear as if I've gone a little crazy. I can't. stop. writing. I currently have about 11k words written in total, but most of the unreleased bits are some absolutely delicious scenes from later on in 6th/7th year that I was simply too impatient to get to 😂 I can't wait for you guys to get there with me! I'll keep chugging along, the Malfoid train never stops 🫡

Afterword

Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!
